You will. Would you tell me a little bit about
yourself? All right. Well, let's begin with your
name. Clinton A. Phillips. What's the A for? A
stands for Adam. Okay. My maternal grandfather's
name. Clinton was my father's middle name.
Anyway, I was born April 10th, Friday, in a little
town called Heaston Furnace, Massachusetts,
which dates back, has a furnace, a foundry, which
dates back to the Revolutionary War.
But I was only a baby there for maybe six months, and
my dad then took a position with Ohio Bell
Telephone Company in Cleveland, Ohio, and I grew
up my early years until I was about six years old in
Cleveland itself, and then into a series of
suburbs, principally Lakewood, Ohio. I
continued to grow through my school years,
through junior high, and then moved to North
Olmsted, Ohio, where I was drafted into the
services, ended up in the What year was that? In
1943 in the U.S. Army Air Corps, where I was enticed
into being an aviation cadet and did indeed go to
Marietta College for five months, giving me the
year's equivalent of college. Then they decided
they didn't need any more pilots by the spring of
1944, and I ended first a machine gunner and then
quickly an instructor and really spent most of the
rest of my military years as a gunnery instructor,
finally being discharged after serving briefly
as an MP
in Montgomery, Alabama.
Then I returned home and immediately went to
Baldwin Wallace College. in the summer of 46. And
by the end of August 48, I had finished my four years
college, counting the Marietta experience.
Almost immediately, within two weeks, I was at
Vanderbilt University working on a master's
degree. Never,
never wrote a thesis, but and this was in
economics. Returned then to my home, North
Olmstead, to
be on the faculty of Baldwin Wallace College, my
bachelor's alma mater, for two years. Then back to
Vanderbilt, where by 1956 I finished a Ph.D. in
economics.
Whereupon I went to teach at the University of
Tennessee in the Economics Department for four
years. Then left to join the College of the School
of Business Administration at Tulane University
in 1958. And were the business colleges just
getting started about that time, the whole
concept of Well, this one dates back to the turn of
the century, the one at Tulane. But business
colleges and schools in those days were highly
descriptive. Really, their enrollments weren't
very large. But business administration,
through in part the impact of two major studies,
one by the Ford Foundation, one by the Rockefeller
Foundation, which were highly critical of what
was going on in business administration. The
field of business administration went through a
remarkable transformation. So when did you get to
Tulane? In 1958. Went to Tennessee in 1954. Judy
and I married in 1953. He's made that connection. I
met her at Vanderbilt. In 1967, I was enticed to
leave Tulane.
New Orleans was a, parenthetically I should note
that New Orleans is a difficult place to raise
children. And we had two children by then. And so we
were intrigued by the rural
environment here. Our daughter was very much into
horses. And so it seemed like a good idea. I was also
impressed by the fact that the American
Association of University Professors listed
Texas A&M for a couple of years there as offering
the highest increases in salaries of any. Not of
any, but it was in the top 10 in terms of salary
increases. That was impressive for those of us
teaching in Louisiana. Yes. About that time.
Wasn't it, though? Yes, it was. You were there,
sure. So, over we came. You must have come around
that same time. 69. Okay. And a $3,500 raise. I
thought that was a monstrous amount of money. I
left there. I was acting dean of the School of
Business, and I came here for a couple thousand
dollars. Several thousand. And it was a lot of
money. It was a lot of money. It was a lot of money in
those days, yes. It really was. Well, it was
obvious that
I have to give a lot of credit to Earl Rudder. Earl
Rudder was out to put this institution on a map, and
it wasn't too many years before, of course, that
membership at the undergraduate level in the
Corps of Cadets was no longer mandatory, and women
had been... The bar had been lifted on women. Not
too many years after I came here, after the death of
Earl Rudder and the arrival of President Jack
Kenny Williams, women's dormitories were built,
and
then I think a substantial growth era was ushered
in. When you came, you were dean, associate dean?
No, I came as a full professor. As a full professor.
In the Department of Management. OK. Not head, as a
full professor. Who was the dean? Well, remember,
it wasn't a college. It wasn't, yeah. The director
was John Pearson.
Within, I guess, a year or so, it became a college.
And within another year, 1969, Pearson had hired a
person to be head of the finance department. And on
the Friday preceding class,
not enrollment, but first day of classes on
Monday, this chap wrote and said he couldn't come,
or telegraphed to say he couldn't come. And John
Pearson asked me to serve as acting department
head. Well, that developed into a lasting
relationship for nearly eight years in January of
76,
77? I have to work it out anyway. We can check it out.
That's OK. I had double bypass surgery, so I
stepped down. And I was going to step down anyway,
because two four-year terms were up. And we had in
the college a rule about no more than two four-year
terms, a rule not observed necessarily in other
colleges, as you know. Then after the surgery, I
taught just as a professor for a year, and then was
asked to serve as acting dean.
And that would have been 78, 79, I guess. Pearson
left at that time, or I'm trying to remember that.
He left shortly afterwards. He went down to 3D
International. That's the right name. I became
associate dean under Bill Muse. We, in the
meantime, had recruited Bill Muse to become a
dean. And in about April or May, effective July 1, I
became dean of faculties in 1980, where I remained
until August 31. Now,
would you mind telling me a little bit about the
purpose and intent of the dean of faculty's
position, as you recall? Because it had just been
relatively recently created. Yeah, I was the
second dean of faculty's. You will recall that
Haskell Monroe was the first. And apparently,
that job was in part created President Jack
Williams because he was so impressed by the
welcoming address given by Haskell representing
the faculty at President Williams'
inauguration. And so he was in for four or five
years, I guess. I don't have to check that out. And
so when I came in, there were just the vice
president for academic affairs, Mack Prescott,
and
Charles McCandless, who was associate vice
president. My title, I should back up, Haskell's
title had been associate dean of faculties and
associate vice president. That position was
split, and McCandless became associate vice
president for academic affairs, and I became dean
of faculties then.
I was not in office but a few months when Jarvis
Miller,
I don't know how you want to put it, resigned or was
asked to resign by the board. I think it was around
Anyway, July or August, July meeting, I guess,
this occurred. And for a year, Chuck Sampson was
president,
which would take him through August of 81, at which
time Frank Vandiver became president. And not too
long thereafter, I was once again given the title
of dean of faculties and associate vice
president. And Chuck left about that time. No, he
didn't leave. Oh, he didn't. He didn't leave for
several years. Mac Prescott stepped down a year or
so along with Howard Vestal about the same time as
vice president. Vestal was vice president for
finance.
And Chuck served as acting vice president for a
year.
Gordon Eaton became provost at that time. The
title, provost, was added. I guess it was at that
time that I became an additional associate
provost. Those are really changing times, I
guess. Seventy, what, six to eighty, whatever,
five, it's always changed. They were dynamic
times. Of course, the times The real changes began
when Windman came in, and there were only a handful
when you and I were there at first. Sure were. I
still remember my first class. Yeah. And
Williams, an unsung hero, I think, of this
institution, at least not appropriately
recognized with John C. Calhoun, who was the vice
president for academic affairs, was he who
initiated our becoming and saw that we did become a
Sea Grant University. He brought in people like
George
Bass, Archaeology, and the big growth started.
So, I think there were like 10,500 11,000
students. When you came in 67. When I came in 67.
That'd be about right, because it was around 12 or
13 when I got here in 69. And I'll never forget in
what was then called the Academic Council, while
General Rutter was still alive, hearing him
speculate as he presided over this as to what caps
we should put on the size of the institution. I
remember that in discussions, yeah. The figure of
15,000 or maybe 17,500 or 18,000. would be a nice
number. Never happened. It never happened. I
think we were so growth-minded and, I suppose,
influenced by the enormous size of UT and a desire
to be big. I think I asked Mandon for that question.
I said, did the board really want to keep up with
Texas? Is that what it was all about? I don't know
how you responded. I remember when talking with
Haskell Monroe as he was leaving and I was coming
in, and he left pretty quickly, so I think he and I
overlapped a week maybe, so I didn't really have a
long learning period. But anyway, I remember
asking Haskell about what are the chances of
capping growth, and I won't quote the particular
regent, but he said, that'll be over my dead body.
Yeah, sure. He's still with us. But eventually we
did, of course, at 41,000 a few years ago. What was
your primary mission or function as a dean of
faculties? And how would you describe the
changing
character, I guess, of the faculty as you've seen
it? Well, in part, Obviously, I represented the
faculty to the administration, I suppose. That
was the role that I felt I inherited. Probably the
most important single function that I performed
was to manage the process of tenure and promotion,
which became increasingly rigorous. Mack
Prescott certainly moved in that direction.
Gordon Eaton introduced the concept of requiring
outside letters. And so the process became
increasingly rigorous and, I have to say, more
bureaucratized as we
tried to make it as fair as possible, both for the
faculty and for the administration. So that was
certainly important. Also, of course, as did
Haskell before me, I suppose, I listened to
complaints that faculty had and tried to do
something about them. OK, let me ask, what kind of
complaints did faculty have? Was there any single
orientation to those complaints? Well, many of
them emanated from they're not getting tenure.
That's a time when folks started getting turned
down in greater percentages. Those are hard,
aren't they? For tenure and promotion, they
really are. They were heart-wrenching.
And we didn't inform faculty adequately. There
was a notable lack of counseling on the part of
department heads on the subject of whether they
were progressing satisfactorily to our tenure.
As a department head, you would be well aware of
this. There were
problems associated with the fact that turnover
would occur, and a person would believe he or she
was doing well under Department Head A, but under
B, the game changed. And this brought about
further bureaucratization by requiring that
there be an advisory committee for the Department
Head. to provide, we hoped, some continuity. I can
recall an incident where two fellows served under
three different department heads and three
different deans in the space of six years, with
varying signals being given to them. So that was a
problem. Salary complaints. A major one which
ultimately ended up in a trial that
was decided only finally a couple of years ago
about a foreign national who felt that because he
was a foreign national he had been discriminated
against. There were cases of females feeling that
they were discriminated against. I got
increasingly involved in the sexual harassment
issues, which was a very tricky kind of thing
because our early efforts led to sort of letting
people go quietly away, and that always bothered
me. When did you first become aware of sexual
harassment as a problem in that community? This
had always been there. It had been there. But it
never would have been overt. We hadn't had very
many women, of course, until the mid-'70s.
And for the most part, they just put up with it,
apparently.
There were some
pretty salty characters that had been at the
institution for some time. And some of them used
language, which women found offensive. Some were
actually, you know, what's a woman doing here kind
of thing. So there was gender harassment.
Certainly that must have been fairly strong. Of
course, we had at least a perception of that in the
Department of History. Yes, yes. And then some of
the colleges which had been so male-dominated,
agriculture and engineering, for example, it was
a problem. I do not recall it to be much of a problem.
in the College of Business, but it was such a young
college. Only a handful of, quote, old-timers
were there, because the school grew so fast. You
recall in the war years, it was part of the College
of Agriculture, and it had been called part of
liberal arts. Were you, how about affirmative
action as a part of your role? That came in
certainly
with Frank Vandiver, who was very much interested
in that.
I like to think that I played a, and I know I played a
supportive role and an encouraging role along
with the President and others in upper level
administration to support the creation of the
Senate. Yeah, okay. And the Faculty Senate, do you
think the Faculty Senate markedly changed the
complexion or character of whatever, the A&M, the
academia? Yes, I think it did. I think. As a more
democratic society or what? Yes, I think more
democratic, more sensitive to issues that
affected faculty. Did it improve recruiting? Did
it improve? I think it did. I think it did, yes. How
about ultimately teaching the quality of the
educational process? I think so. The Faculty
Senate spent a substantial amount of time
developing a document which then became appended
to the tenure and promotion document of the
university,
which sought to identify qualities for teaching,
research, and service that
I think informed our process, made it better in
evaluating tenure track and tenured faculty for
promotion.
The pendulum may have gone too far for a while in
terms of national reputation criteria, in
particular publication,
without sufficient latitude to recognize the
really outstanding teacher who was not doing as
much research. Interestingly enough, if you look
at the records, you'll find a not small number of
people who have gotten both the former Students
Association outstanding teaching and research
awards. And research, which is the way it should
be. Matter of fact, I'm proud to say I hired two
people in the Department of Finance who got both
awards. Yeah, that's where it's supposed to work.
But back to your question about the Senate, yes, I
think it would have come anyway, but it's
certainly... Probably in a more bloody year. It
might have been a more bloody thing. The fact that
the president... Stuck his neck out, because
there wasn't a lot of support, certainly in the
board, in my opinion. Yeah, he mentioned
specifically, as I recall, engineering as not
being too enthusiastic. And agriculture, too.
Faculty centers, yeah. Yeah. Well, if we could
talk on the record for a minute, we might better
not. But the Senate opened up... a
willingness on the part of the powers that be to
accept a lot of things, such as a faculty club,
which could offer alcoholic beverages. And there
was some concern about that. But it came to be. And I
think it serves a useful function. And I was
pleased to be involved with it. with that
development, too. Did you feel like you were
caught sometimes between the faculty and the
administration? Oh, yes. That's a tough spot
you're in. No. The job is one of being an
ombudsperson. And I was caught in a number of ways.
And any dean of faculties is caught in a number of
ways in that it's not only between the faculty and
the administration, but it's between, well, I had
to be very careful talking with a faculty member
who hadn't gone through proper channels through
his department head or his dean. Sometimes all I
could do was say, look, we've got to come out in the
open if we're going to try to address this issue.
Are you willing to do that? And if they weren't,
then there wasn't much I could do. But a lot of times
I could. There were some cases in one college,
particularly, where people were arbitrarily
moved from one department to another without
consultation. And we did blow the whistle on that.
I mean, it was just wrong. So we had to dismantle
some decisions on the part of the dean and a
director. And so sometimes it got kind of tough.
But it
was a tension-ridden job. I don't think it would
be. I don't see, quite frankly, how you survived as
well and as unflappably as you did. I never saw you
lose your temper, which is incredible. Well, I
came home sometimes in a pretty bad shape. I bet you
did. But sometimes things were just so, you know,
you just wondered how people could treat other
people like that. Sometimes people would be named
department heads and then begin to act like
dictators. Oh, that's what I want to ask you about,
too, about the headship and about what might be the
unique administrative structures at A&M, if they
are even now, or maybe they've changed, you think,
to conform pretty much to the... Headship is
fairly common. in state
institutions. Chairmanship, much more common in
private institutions.
But I think increasingly heads here have operated
like chairs. Yeah, I think so too. With a consent of
the... There was, I think, over the years, an
increasing recognition of the fact that faculty
members are equals with a dean or with a department
head. And the mere fact that they don't have an
administrative title tacked on doesn't mean that
they can be treated like a typical employer,
employee. Faculty members are, particularly
those who do establish a national reputation, are
indeed free agents. You know, the early years of
this institution, most of the folks were indeed
focused very much on teaching, with no little
exceptions. But they really didn't have anywhere
to go if they didn't like the way things were.
Whereas in the 70s and 80s, that changed
dramatically.
How about the student body? How has it changed, do
you think, over your 25 years or so, 30 years that
you've been? Politically, it still remains
ultra-conservative, I think. I think that it's
remarkable when you look at the election returns
from the ballot boxes on campus.
Students, I think, now, though, feel much more
free to express themselves. to disagree with a
professor. And I think that's healthy. OK. You
would say there's a greater what? A diversity or?
Greater diversity. License? That's not the word.
But I know what you're saying. I'll work with it,
too. There's greater academic freedom among the
students as well as among the faculty, perhaps.
What about the core? I guess I need to ask that
question. Well, you'll recall when you and I first
came, the core really was dominant. I once
remarked to somebody that when one walked across
the campus, one felt propelled on a sea of howdies.
And of course, that has the core diminished. And I
suppose the Vietnam War had an impact on the size of
the core. I'm trying to remember how many students
there were in it when I came. I would think at least
half, but I don't know, or better. All I can
remember is my freshman class. Over in physics, I
had 130 students. And I know at least almost all of
them in uniform, and one female. Most of the
students in uniform were asleep. I still remember
that. Oh, my gosh. What's going on? I finally found
out. They'd been up all night and nights before.
Yeah, being harassed. Well, another thing, do you
remember, or had it disappeared by the time you
came, that incredibly wacky teaching schedule
one would have of Monday and Wednesday at 9
o'clock? Yeah, that went out about Thursday of the
first year or something like that. Oh, wasn't that
wacky? I mean, yeah. That was very hard to keep up
with. I get confused. It really was. Particularly
if you're teaching the same class as often one was,
twice or maybe even three times, you'd have
a class meeting for 50 minutes Monday, Wednesday,
and Friday, and another class meeting for an hour
and 50 minutes. Well, I guess we're still doing
that, aren't we? Well, on Tuesday, Thursday.
Tuesday, Thursday. Tuesday, Thursday, yeah. I
used to find that frustrating. But it was really
crazy back when you had that crazy. Yeah, that
other. You know, unless you kept your wits about
you, which I never did. I still don't. You could end
up getting on the wrong track. Because here it was
afternoon, and you taught a 1 o'clock, Monday,
Wednesday, and Friday, and now you're, oh, well.
That's why I stick to Monday, Wednesday, Friday,
8, 10, and 11 if I have to have the third class or
something like that. How
would you rate the attitude or character of the A&M
student body as you might compare it to other Texas
or other university student bodies? Well, if you
look at the numbers, they're big. And if you look at
their admission scores and so forth, now
certainly there is approximately the same as the
University of Texas. I found the students to be
pretty good students when I came here, when I
stayed awake. Yeah, I do too. Tulane was kind of an
exclusive school, with a lot of students from New
York, by the way. I didn't realize that. Yeah,
there really was.
But in any event, I was pleased with the caliber of
the students. It bothered me that they seemed to
refrain from asking questions as much as I would
have liked. I did not find the graduate students as
good. I was appalled the first year I was here. I had
two flagrant cases of plagiarism on the term
papers at the graduate level. and was dismayed to
learn that neither of these graduate students had
ever written a term paper before. That was a
chronic problem. And didn't know what plagiarism
was. I didn't flunk them out, which I would have at
Tulane, because they knew better under the honor
code there. I was surprised we didn't have an honor
code here. Tulane did. You're right. Sure. Yeah. I
guess the Corps somehow or other hadn't had that
covered. I don't know. How about the Aggie
syndrome or whatever, you know, as being the
hayseed, the engineering Aggie
characterization? Was that, did you ever feel
that was appropriate or inappropriate? Yeah. You
heard the expression a lot in those early days of a
goat roper. Yeah. You never hear it anymore. No.
You still see the occasional student with his,
well, quite a few with boots, cowboy hats, but it
was much more prevalent. It's kind of even nice to
see them now. Yeah, I enjoy it. It's diversity, and
I think it's kind of fun. Judy, I thought, was going
to be gone a lot longer. She's been over
registering graduates. I said, come on, man. Oh,
really? This guy's going to act like he's got to
have affection now. Well, yeah, they were. I
suppose in those days, a lot of them were from rural
areas. But
this estate is a highly urbanized state now. Yeah.
And you know, one thing is, statistically, all A&M
students have always come from Monk. Hi. How are
you doing? OK. How are you? The job didn't last
long. No, it didn't. My job.
Under Vandiver, there really was a strong effort
to increase minority
faculty. And he was successful in getting the
board to appropriate
significant sums of money. Now, what we did was,
for a year or two,
offer a a position to a department if they could
find a qualified minority. You remember that? I
used it. I'm sure you did. Everybody did. When we
cut back to 50%, because we were getting hard up for
money, the effort declined somewhat. But in any
event, that was certainly a phenomenon that I was
involved with and encouraging. the money
available was administered through my office. So
that was a new task that Haskell never had.
Sexual harassment probably wasn't something he
had to deal with very much. It just got more
noticeable. You were on a lot of the committees
also. Search committees, and all kinds of others.
Curriculum committee, graduate studies
committee.
Chaired the search committees for Jiminy, dean of
liberal arts twice, dean of engineering. Herb,
the committee that brought Herb in, I chaired.
Science, medicine.
I chaired geosciences when Gordon Eaton came, and
then twice I chaired, or three times I chaired vice
president committees. Were you, when the medical
college began, how much involvement did you have?
It was in existence when I came in. Bob Stone was
dean. In fact, Stone was on the committee that
recommended me to the, to the president and vice
president for my position. Although I did chair
the committee that brought Rich Duvall here. Very
broadly speaking, what did you see in the last 10 or
15 years, the great strengths and the great
confrontations or difficulties
that the university encountered? What's the
greatest problem, let's say? Let's start with
that, the tough things. The tough things have been
to increase the diversity in the faculty. That
certainly was tough.
When you've got this military heritage and all
that goes with it, I suppose there was abroad in the
land a reluctance to even consider coming here.
And we continue to operate under a severe
disadvantage because of the community. This is
not a congenial place for a minority to live. It's
not that it's, it's not, I shouldn't say
congenial, but it's just that there is no
infrastructure, middle class, blacks
particularly, and not much of a I'm an Hispanic
middle class. I don't know if you had much
involvement with them, but did you have any sense
of support or opposition from former students in
these changes at work? Well, there was, you will
recall, considerable difficulty.
I don't think not with bringing in minorities, no.
Where we had problems was with foreign teachers
and teaching assistants. Math, particularly.
Oh, math, yes. Elton Lacy did a marvelous job of
capturing the mamas, but they dissented en masse
on us with their complaints. And of course, a
student who wasn't doing well could always use
this as an excuse. And it is true. that Indians,
particularly in Orientals, are sometimes
difficult. Good at math and not too good at the
languages. That's right. That's right. Yeah.
Well, you know, we had that problem with Zoltan.
Even in our department, we were Zoltan Kastami.
And I kept telling the students, you'll just sit
there one week. You'll love him. And they did.
Yeah. That first day, a lot of them were just deaf.
They could not understand. Just getting used to
it. But he was a good teacher. Are there other
confrontational problems, difficulties that
the university really faced that you... There was
opposition over the Senate. There was, you
recall, the committee that Sam Black chaired to
revise the curriculum was kind of a sticky wicket
for a while.
Certainly the issue of of seniors having to take
the final exams was a sticky wicket. One after
another, these little traditions got knocked
down, and so that kind of distressed some people.
The issue of gays, I was not involved. The student
problems were issues were not issues that I really
got involved with. Yeah, yeah. Well, that's
someone I'm going to try to interview. It's John
Coldis, too. I need to talk to him about some of
those activities. Then there were, oh, there was a
longstanding bureaucratic
stuffiness about doing things the way they had
always been done. I shall never forget when I was a
department head, my secretary being absolutely
inflamed by the fact that someone
in the business offices of the university
returning an envelope that had not been folded the
correct way, so that open the envelope could be to
get at the form inside. And I called the then
comptroller. Now, I came out of a place where a
professor was a professor, and if you didn't like
things, you'd call whoever was responsible. And
so this was 20 years ago, I guess. I think it was
Clark Diebel I called. I was so angry about that. I
said, don't these people understand why they've
got a job? You know, that kind of thing. I'll never
forget another thing. This is an aside, but it
illustrates the kind of bureaucratic attitude.
Graduate students failing to get paid on time and
being forced. And the local banks giving them
non-interest loans. Why should the banks have to
pay for the incompetence of the university? Yes,
of the administration, yeah. Well. That was
always. Damn. And new faculty coming and not
getting their paychecks on time.
Unconscionable. Well, that happened to me when I
first came, as a matter of fact. And Milton, of all
people, is usually on top of everything. And I
didn't even dare ask, though. For several weeks,
at least, and finally I said, when do I get paid? He
said, you're not paid. I said, well. I imagine he
did something about it. He did something about it
instantly, but still. Dave Maxwell told me that,
well, no. Milton was something of a curmudgeon.
Nonetheless, he was protective of his faculty. He
took care of the faculty. He really did. They
didn't appreciate it all that much, but he did. In
fact, I think there was a time there when the
Department of History salary level scale was
about as good as any department in the university,
only because of Milton Nance. I doubt that it's
held that since then. One of the real fun parts of my
job was I inherited the chairmanship of the A&M
Press Committee, which is always a joy. That's a
good point. I need to flag the press, too, in this
revision, which sometimes I forget about. Yeah,
that has been a nice thing to do. What about the
legislature now? Did you ever go to the
legislature? Did you go to the board meetings?
Yeah,
under Vanderburg and Miller, a lot of people went
to the board meetings. Under Mobley and even
before that, I guess, the board got a little tired
of having a mob scene and most of us just stood
around. waited outside while the board
deliberated in private and that sort of thing. And
I went, oh, I suppose maybe a half dozen times to the
legislature just in case they'd ask a question
about something and you'd be there to respond. But
for the most part, it was a waste of time. What about
A&M's funding generally and the competition
between A&M and University of Texas while you
were? We fared pretty well up until the mid-80s
and then things started getting tight when OPEC
fell apart.
If you look at the funding, I don't know if you want
to get into this, but Danny Parker could give you
quite a good picture of what's happened to funding
in the mid-'80s. The state is appropriating not
much more than appropriating in 1986 to the
university. Increasingly, we have had to use the
available fund not just for faculty and not for
excellence. Just to survive. But just to survive.
I think when I went in, in 1980, probably the
appropriation from the legislature, and you'd
want to check this, was on the order of 50% of our
total operating budget. It's down under like 36%
or 7% now. That's why. That's a good point. Yeah.
Yeah. That's why. And I don't want to make a big
issue of it, but it's interesting. I think it's .
Vandiver would say this is not a state-supported
institution. It's a state.